README.md, before:

## Todos

- [ ] Add "5 image image restorations left" with countdown, do it in separate edge function
- [ ] Add logsnag for notifications
- [ ] Add signout to the profile picture

# [RestorePhotos.io](https://restorephotos.io/)

This project restores old face photos using AI. Watch the [4 minute explainer video](https://twitter.com/nutlope/status/1614794731396931585) to see how I built this or see the [15 second demo](https://twitter.com/nutlope/status/1612488923716136962).

[![Face Photo Restorer](./public/screenshot.png)](https://restorephotos.io/)

## How it works

It uses an ML model from the Applied Research Center called [GFPGAN](https://github.com/TencentARC/GFPGAN) on [Replicate](https://replicate.com/) to restore face photos. This application gives you the ability to upload any photo, which will send it through this ML Model using a Next.js API route, and return your restored photo.

## Running Locally

### Cloning the repository the local machine.

```bash
git clone
```

### Creating a account on Replicate to get an API key.

1. Go to [Replicate](https://replicate.com/) to make an account.
2. Click on your profile picture in the top right corner, and click on "Dashboard".
3. Click on "Account" in the navbar. And, here you can find your API token, copy it.

### Storing API key in .env file.

Create a file in root directory of project with env. And store your API key in it, as shown in the .example.env file.

If you'd also like to do rate limiting, create an account on UpStash, create a Redis database, and populate the two environment variables in `.env` as well. If you don't want to do rate limiting, you don't need to make any changes.

### Installing the dependencies.

```bash
npm install
```

### Running the application.

Then, run the application in the command line and it will be available at `http://localhost:3000`.

```bash
npm run dev
```

## One-Click Deploy

Deploy the example using [Vercel](https://vercel.com?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=vercel-examples):

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https://github.com/Nutlope/restorePhotos&env=REPLICATE_API_KEY&project-name=face-photo-restorer&repo-name=restore-photos)

## Powered by

This example is powered by the following 3 services:

- [Replicate](https://replicate.com) (AI API)
- [Upload](https://upload.io) (storage)
- [Vercel](https://vercel.com) (hosting, serverless functions, analytics)

Commit message:

added /remaining route + other fixes

README.md, after:

## Todos

Extra:

- [ ] Bug with query not being incremented for some reason to show folks how many generations they have left
- [ ] Add logsnag for notifications
- [ ] Add signout to the profile picture in a dropdown
- [ ] Convert remaining.tsx to an edge function

# [RestorePhotos.io](https://restorephotos.io/)

This project restores old face photos using AI. Watch the [4 minute explainer video](https://twitter.com/nutlope/status/1614794731396931585) to see how I built this or see the [15 second demo](https://twitter.com/nutlope/status/1612488923716136962).

[![Face Photo Restorer](./public/screenshot.png)](https://restorephotos.io/)

## How it works

It uses an ML model from the Applied Research Center called [GFPGAN](https://github.com/TencentARC/GFPGAN) on [Replicate](https://replicate.com/) to restore face photos. This application gives you the ability to upload any photo, which will send it through this ML Model using a Next.js API route, and return your restored photo.

## Running Locally

### Cloning the repository the local machine.

```bash
git clone
```

### Creating a account on Replicate to get an API key.

1. Go to [Replicate](https://replicate.com/) to make an account.
2. Click on your profile picture in the top right corner, and click on "Dashboard".
3. Click on "Account" in the navbar. And, here you can find your API token, copy it.

### Storing API key in .env file.

Create a file in root directory of project with env. And store your API key in it, as shown in the .example.env file.

If you'd also like to do rate limiting, create an account on UpStash, create a Redis database, and populate the two environment variables in `.env` as well. If you don't want to do rate limiting, you don't need to make any changes.

### Installing the dependencies.

```bash
npm install
```

### Running the application.

Then, run the application in the command line and it will be available at `http://localhost:3000`.

```bash
npm run dev
```

## One-Click Deploy

Deploy the example using [Vercel](https://vercel.com?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=vercel-examples):

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https://github.com/Nutlope/restorePhotos&env=REPLICATE_API_KEY&project-name=face-photo-restorer&repo-name=restore-photos)

## Powered by

This example is powered by the following 3 services:

- [Replicate](https://replicate.com) (AI API)
- [Upload](https://upload.io) (storage)
- [Vercel](https://vercel.com) (hosting, serverless functions, analytics)
